docs: dibt structure review (#70)
huggingface/data-is-better-together: cookbook-efforts/kto-preference/README.md

# Creating a KTO Preference dataset

The goal of this project is to help foster a community of people building more KTO datasets for different languages or the domains they are interested in.

> 

Reviewer: Same here, I might miss a more general why what how?

#### Hosted Model APIs

We can use Hugging Face's free inference API to generate our haiku responses. This is a great way to get started with generating synthetic data. You can find more information on the supported models and how to use the API [here](https://huggingface.co/blog/inference-pro#supported-models).

One of our models, "NousResearch/Nous-Hermes-2-Yi-34B" is hosted using [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/inference-endpoints/dedicated) instead. In the code, this part is commented out so it should be possible to run the code without needing to set up dedicated inference endpoints.

> [!WARNING]

> > We highly recommend you to use the serverless option. If you need to run an unavailable model, you can easily use them with [other frameworks](https://distilabel.argilla.io/latest/components-gallery/llms/) such as Ollama or vLLM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you have local GPUs available, you can also adapt this approach using other [inference frameworks](https://distilabel.argilla.io/latest/components-gallery/llms/) such as Ollama or vLLM.
```
